Add lightweight token doc to library section (#36144)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/creating-libraries.md

* Consider how you provide services to client applications.

   * Services should declare their own providers (rather than declaring providers in the NgModule or a component), so that they are *tree-shakable*. This allows the compiler to leave the service out of the bundle if it never gets injected into the application that imports the library. For more about this, see [Tree-shakable providers](guide/dependency-injection-providers#tree-shakable-providers).

   * If you register global service providers or share providers across multiple NgModules, use the [`forRoot()` and `forChild()` design patterns](guide/singleton-services) provided by the [RouterModule](api/router/RouterModule).

   * If your library provides optional services that might not be used by all client applications, support proper tree-shaking for that case by using the [lightweight token design pattern](guide/lightweight-tokens).

{@a integrating-with-the-cli}

## Integrating with the CLI using code-generation schematics

A library typically includes *reusable code* that defines components, services, and other Angular artifacts (pipes, directives, and so on) that you simply import into a project.

> A library is packaged into an npm package for publishing and sharing. This package can also include [schematics](guide/glossary#schematic) that provide instructions for generating or transforming code directly in your project, in the same way that the CLI creates a generic skeleton app with `ng generate component`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A library is packaged into an npm package for publishing and sharing. This package can also include [schematics](guide/glossary#schematic) that provide instructions for generating or transforming code directly in your project, in the same way that the CLI creates a new component with `ng generate component`.
```

Reviewer: Suggestion aligns with the idea of using component, rather than app, as that best aligns with "generating or transforming code... in your project".

> A schematic that is combined with a library can, for example, provide the Angular CLI with the information it needs to generate a particular component defined in that library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A schematic that is packaged with a library can, for example, provide the Angular CLI with the information it needs to generate a component that configures and utilizes a particular feature, or set of features, defined in that library. One example of this is Angular Material's navigation schematic which configures the CDK's `BreakpointObserver` and utilizes it with Material's `MatSideNav` and `MatToolbar` components.
```

Reviewer: I'm not sure if you want to include this example here, but at worst, it should help you understand some of the powerful things that schematics in libraries can do.

You can create and include the following kinds of schematics.

* Include an installation schematic so that `ng add` can add your library to a project.

* Include generation schematics in your library so that `ng generate` can scaffold your defined artifacts (components, services, tests, and so on) in a project.

* Include an update schematic so that `ng update` can update your library’s dependencies and provide migrations for breaking changes in new releases.

What you include in your library is determined by the kind of task you are trying to accomplish.
For example, if you want a dropdown with some canned data to show how to add it to your app, your library could define a schematic to create it.
For a component like a dropdown that would contain different passed-in values each time, you could provide it as a component in a shared library.

Suppose you want to read a configuration file and then generate a form based on that configuration.

> If that form will need additional customization by the user, it might work best as a schematic.

Reviewer 2: "additional customization by the user" -- I don't like "user" in this context. How about "to be additionally customized by developers"

Author: @Splaktar I wasn't sure what point was being made here either. I rewrote these two paragraphs to make the point more explicit (with my best guess about what the point is supposed to be!). Can you please check whether it is correct?

Reviewer: Replacing `user` with `developer` here would make sense.

Similarly, if you want a dropdown that would contain different passed-in values each time, your library could define a schematic to create it. Developers could then use `ng generate` to configure an instance for their own app.

> If you just want to create the dropdown that is pre-populated with canned data to show how to add it to your app, you could provide it as a ready-made component in your shared library. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you just want to create a dropdown that is pre-populated with canned data to show how to add it to your app, you could provide it as a ready-made component in your shared library. 
```

Reviewer: Actually, a `ready-made component` that is pre-populated with canned data is a good use case for a schematic. This is what Angular Material does for it's tree and table schematics.
